![](media/image01.png){width="1.0416666666666667in" height="1.0416666666666667in"}
==================================================================================

Performance Based Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) For the Department of Labor, Wage and Hour Division, Section 14(c) System
======================================================================================================================================

Client Order ID Number: ID09160058, June 30th, 2016

INTRODUCTION
------------

This Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) has been developed to
evaluate contractor actions while implementing the Performance Work
Statement (PWS). It is designed to provide an effective surveillance
method of monitoring contractor performance for each listed objective on
the Performance Requirements Matrix in the task order. The QASP provides
a systematic method to evaluate the services the contractor is required
to furnish. The contractor, and not the Government, is responsible for
management and quality control actions to meet the terms of the task
order. The role of the Government is quality assurance to ensure task
order standards are achieved.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
==========================

Refer to PWS Attachment 2 for Government Roles and Responsibilities.

PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS MATRIX
===============================

**Note that the performance requirements listed below are required for
the final deliverable. However, the sprints and incremental delivery of
code will be assessed by the Government to ensure that the contractor is
on a path to successful final delivery.**

Deliverable or Required Services Performance Standard(s)

  **Deliverable or Required Services**   **Performance Standard(s)**                                                                           **Acceptable Quality Level (AQL)**                                                                         **Method of Surveillance**
  -------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------
  Tested Code                            Code delivered under the order must have substantial test code coverage and a clean code base         Minimum 90% test coverage and Code Climate of 3                                                            https://codeclimate.com
  Accessible                             Client-side rendering must conform with section 508 standards                                         Meets 508 Standards                                                                                        http://squizlabs.github.io/HTML\_CodeSniffer/
  Deployed                               Code must successfully build and deploy into staging environment                                      Successful build with a single command                                                                     Combination of manual review and automatic testing
  Documented                             All dependencies (and licenses for dependencies) are listed and all major functions are documented.   All Javascript libraries are listed and the licenses are documented. Software/source code is documented.   Combination of manual review and automatic testing
  Available                              Code must be stored in a version,controlled open,source repository.                                   All of the code needed to run the front end of the dashboard must be available.                            18F will run test.

SURVEILLANCE
============

The Government will evaluate the performance objectives through
surveillance as reflected above by reviews and acceptance of work
products and services. As indicated, the Government will assess progress
towards the final delivered software code.

STANDARD
========

The Contractor shall perform all work required in a satisfactory manner
in accordance with the requirements of the PWS. The COR shall notify the
CO for appropriate action if it is likely that the contractor will not
achieve successful final delivery of the software code in accordance
with the performance objectives and acceptable AQLs identified above.

PROCEDURES
==========

The COR will inspect all tasks required by the task order to ensure
Contractor compliance with the task order requirements every two (2)
weeks. Inspection results will be recorded in a GitHub issue, noting the
date, time, and result of inspection or verification.

At the conclusion of each sprint, the COR, along with the 18F Product
Manager, will review the completed user stories and related
functionality. Incomplete or inadequate code and user stories will be
flagged via GitHub issue, and links to each issue shared with the
Procurement PM and CO. Contractor may respond via Github issue as
appropriate, addressing the accuracy and validity of the defect, planned
corrective action (if not already noted). The vendor team will discuss
and document actions to prevent recurrence in their bi-weekly sprint
retrospectives.

At the conclusion of the period of performance, a similar procedure will
be followed to document discrepancies and to assess overall performance.

If any of the services do not conform to the task order requirements,
the Government may require the Contractor to perform the services again
in conformity with task order requirements. Any user stories that are
not accepted must be completed in the next sprint, unless the product
owner and 18F product manager agree to move it to a later sprint. The
COR shall not certify satisfactory performance for the task order until
all defects have been corrected. When the defects in services cannot be
corrected by re-performance, the Government may:

1)  Require the Contractor to take necessary action to ensure that
    future performance conforms to task order requirements; and,

2)  Reduce the task order price to reflect the reduced value of the
    services performed. The COR shall, in addition to providing
    documentation to the Procurement PM/CO, maintain a complete quality
    assurance file. The file will contain copies of all reports,
    evaluations, recommendations, and any actions relating to the
    Governmentâ€™s performance of the quality assurance function,
    including originals of all surveillance activity checklists. All
    such records will be retained for the life of the task order. The
    COR shall forward these records to the Procurement PM/CO at
    completion or termination of the task order.

ACCEPTANCE OF SERVICES
======================

Acceptance of services shall be based upon compliance with performance
standards described in the PWS and surveillance procedures described in
this QASP. Before approving/certifying any Contractor invoices, the COR
will verify that all invoiced services have been performed in compliance
with task order requirements. The COR shall not certify satisfactory
performance for the task order until all defects have been corrected.
